DAN: Things on Earth were going really well,
after the Bakugan came to live with us,
but then out of nowhere,
we were invaded by these mysterious and evil Mechtogan
who were intent on destroying everything!
Coredegon,
Slycerak, Exostriker,
and Mandibor were their names,
and leading them was this clown, Wiseman.
They also had help from an evil pack of Bakugan
called the Nonets.
Luckily for us, we had our own secret weapon
in the form of Dragonoid Destroyer,
so we fought back.
Because no one is gonna take our freedom!
Not now, not ever!
\u266a What are you gonna do?
\u266a The odds are stacked against you \u266a
\u266a Back against the wall
\u266a You gotta give it your all
\u266a Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah
\u266a This is the final stand
\u266a The power's in your hand
\u266a Two worlds collide
\u266a On the inside
\u266a You've gotta fight for what's right \u266a
\u266a Before it's gone, gone, gone This is Bakugan \u266a
Who is that?
I am Chromopod,
a Mechtogan born of my masters, Gunz and Reptak.
We've created...
Our own Mechtogan.
Hmm, now we're all here!
DAN: The Bakugan Battle Brawlers in \"End of the Line.\"
A new... Mechtogan!
That's handy.
GUNZ: This is incredible, Reptak.
I had no idea we could create something like this!
The bond between you two is a powerful one
and should be envied.
That's right.
You hear that, Reptak, buddy?
You and I...
Are truly...
BOTH: Partners.
(Laughing evilly)
All of this emotional nonsense makes me sick!
Especially when it involves a Mechtogan,
who should know better than to be so weak!
How dare you show more loyalty to humans and Bakugan
rather than your own brothers?
No matter.
Now that we are the ultimate Mechtogan...
You're no longer the same as us.
(Growling)
Oh, no! He's powering up again!
We're not prepared for another attack.
Watch out!
RADIZEN: Dan and Drago?
(Roaring)
Brace yourself, pal. This will be intense.
Got it.
(Roaring)
Whoa!
He's generating way more power than last time!
What's up with that?
(Roaring)
Huh? What's happening?
I can feel it rising inside of me.
I can feel it too.
I don't understand, it seems to be coming
from deep within Dragonoid Destroyer.
Oh, man! This is no good!
We're too far away to see anything!
Mira, you have to get us closer, okay?
Are you crazy?
I'm not gonna risk getting caught in the crossfire.
If we get any closer,
we might not be able to get away if things get crazy.
(Gasping)
Dragonoid Destroyer's energy readings look really strange!
Dan, I think Dragonoid Destroyer
is finally operating at 100%!
Okay, Dragonoid Destroyer, now that Chromopod has shown up,
are you Mechtogan ready to fight at full strength?
Isn't that what you meant
when you said that everyone is here now?
Please, tell us.
DRAGONOID DESTROYER: Everyone is here, but there is still more to come.
What the heck does that mean?
JULIE: Check it out!
Dragonoid Destroyer is glowing!
Whoa! Awesome!
I bet he's about to take Mechtavius Destroyer down
really super hard!
(Thinking:) Something is still off with these power readings.
What is going on with Dragonoid Destroyer?
(Roaring)
I don't get it!
He's still collecting energy and getting more powerful!
Dragonoid Destroyer, what's going on?
Are you in complete fighting form or not?
Something's not right with the Brawlers!
It looks like they could be in trouble!
Now hold tight everyone!
(Crowd gasping)
This angle is no good for my viewers, Mira!
We can't see what's going on!
We need to get closer!
Come on, Mira, drop down just a bit.
The people really, really need to see this!
They deserve to know what's happening,
because everyone's future is at stake here!
Our fates are all linked now, humans and Bakugan alike!
That's right. We are all linked together.
Dan, I think the energy that you guys are feeling
is what Dragonoid Destroyer is channelling from the bonds
of all humans and Bakugan around the world!
Are you serious?
Incredible!
I summon the righteous energy
from all humans and Bakugan!
Send it to me!
Send it to me now!
Whoa, Sensei!
What was that?
Hmm?
Oh, man.
Whoa!
This feels weird.
I know.
This is unlike any other energy I've felt before.
I thought I'd seen everything before,
but this really takes the cake.
Huh? What the--
Something's happening, Mama!
This is totally freaking me out.
(Gasping)
BOTH: Huh?
What's going on here?
What's this?
Huh?
(Gasping) Look!
Check it out, everybody!
Dragonoid Destroyer has just turned golden!
MIRA: Incredible!
His power level just keep rising!
At some point, he has to reach his maximum potential.
How much longer can this keep going?
Perhaps he's going through some kind of evolution,
just like I have many times in the past.
Maybe.
I guess we'll just have to wait and see what happens.
MIRA: I never realized the level of power that existed in the bonds
between everyday humans and Bakugan!
It really is spectacular!
Gunz!
I see it.
This could be a real game changer.
In every human and Bakugan,
there exists the potential to generate
their own Mechtogan.
It's that boundless energy that I call upon to free us all.
But how much of this energy can he handle?
DAN: Mira, is this power up showing any signs of slowing down?
Doesn't look like it.
He just... doubled his... previous load.
I wouldn't believe it myself
if I didn't see the numbers here in front of me!
Here's proof of the beautiful bond we all share together.
Mira!
Tell me what's going on!
It's still shooting upward!
In fact, it's moving faster than ever!
ORBEUM: I don't know, big bro.
Should we be worried here?
SKYTRUSS: Be patient.
Dragonoid Destroyer hasn't let us down yet!
COREDEGON: This little sideshow of yours is of no consequence.
You have zero chance of defeating us.
SLYCERAK: You need to accept the fact that...
MANDIBOR: Our strength is unmatched.
EXOSTRIKER: We are the ultimate Mechtogan!
Bow down at our feet!
That will never happen.
You're a disgrace to the true Mechtogan, like us.
Together, we will crush you.
Oh, man.
It's kicking off!
Whoa!
(Screaming)
Infinite...Power!
Wow, check it out!
He's growing!
That's the understatement of the year.
This is getting exciting, everyone!
He's now the size of Mechtavius Destroyer!
Well, let's hope... he's more powerful!
MECHTAVIUS DESTROYER: You can flex your muscles all you want!
But it's too late for you all!
ALL: Dan!
Time to say goodbye!
Let's go!
DRAGO: Now, Dragonoid Destroyer!
Attack!
What?
He blocked my attack?
(Roaring)
I don't believe it!
Keep going!
You're beating him!
SLYCERAK: How is it possible that they're doing this?
MANDIBOR: It makes no sense!
EXOSTRIKER: Our power should be far superior to theirs.
VOICE: Mechtavius Destroyer, you are indeed most powerful.
But might alone isn't always enough to reign supreme.
This thirst for power caused you to overlook one crucial element.
True power comes from uniting with others.
That's not...Dragonoid Destroyer!
VOICE: No, Dragonoid Destroyer is only providing me a vessel
for which to speak to you.
I am, in fact, your ancient ancestor,
the very first Bakugan, Genesis Dragonoid.
What? How is that possible?
MECHTAVIUS DESTROYER: I don't believe it!
VOICE: You, Mechtogan, who comprise Mechtavius Destroyer, Coredegon,
Slycerak, Exostriker and Mandibor,
you need to understand.
Your creation came at the hands of Fury;
a Bakugan that I banished to the Doom Dimension eons ago.
This punishment made him angry and vengeful.
In the years that passed during Fury's exile,
the Bakugan and humans met for the first time.
It wasn't long before they learned to work together
and battle as partners.
Mighty bonds were forged between the two,
and as they strengthened, evolutions
- like the ones you experienced, Drago -
illustrated the incredible levels of power
they had obtained.
It is with this same power that you learned
to create your own Mechtogan,
and eventually summon them at will.
(Roaring)
Fury learned to create and summon Mechtogan himself;
the difference was that his creations were not born
out of a desire to come together with others.
His intentions were divisive and destructive!
And this was ultimately his downfall.
Don't be foolish, Coredegon!
(Roaring)
GENESIS DRAGONOID: You Mechtogan thought you were so clever,
destroying your host and roaming free.
You thought it was this autonomy that made you so mighty,
but you couldn't have been more wrong.
By putting yourself at odds
with the bond Bakugan and humans share, you turned your back
on the true great power.
You excluded yourself from being a part of the very thing
that unites us.
You sealed your fate for the worst.
COREDEGON: You're talking nonsense!
SLYCERAK: Nothing can take us down!
MANDIBOR: Our power is beyond measure!
EXOSTRIKER: We will reign supreme!
GENESIS DRAGONOID: Don't you understand?
No amount of rage is enough
to stand up to the one singular energy that now links
Bakugan and humans throughout the universe, and even beyond.
You are an imperfection, whose time is over!
Your words mean nothing!
We will never fall before you!
Not ever!
(Growling)
(Roaring)
(Screaming)
Radizen!
(Roaring)
GENESIS DRAGONOID: Wake up, my friends. It is finally over.
You have won.
(Groaning)
Ages ago, when I banished the Nonets to the Doom Dimension,
I had no idea that their anger and hatred
would put my descendants in such peril.
I must thank you for your bravery in fighting the scourge
of the evil Mechtogan.
You saved the universe.
DRAGO: It was our honour.
GENESIS DRAGONOID: I was keeping a watchful eye on you this whole time,
and I can tell you that based on what I observed,
your success had everything to do
with the loyalty that exists between you.
We're partners.
It's more than that.
You two are linked for life.
And while I cannot predict what is coming next for you,
I can say with certainty that as long as you face it together,
nothing will ever stop you.
Huh?
Hmm...
That's right!
Drago and I are in it for the long haul.
GENESIS DRAGONOID: Be well, my friends.
(Birds chirping)
SHUN: Dan! Hmm?
Hey, guys! Hey, you won, dude!
(Chuckling)
JULIE: Hey, Dan!
Great job!
I don't know about you guys,
but... I'm really sick of this lousy island,
you know what I mean?
MARUCHO: Bakugan City, here we come!
ALL: Yeah!
DAN: We did it, guys!
Mechtavius Destroyer is finally history!
DAN: You're part of the team now, Chromopod.
Welcome aboard.
ANNOUNCER: Welcome, players, back to Bakugan Battle arena,
for today's headline match,
the B1 Flymax Final.
Yes!
At long last, we're going to see the equally anticipated rematch
between Gunz and Dan!
The former adversaries who are now friends and teammates!
And of course, I'm here to give you the play-by-play!
I wasn't sure if we'd ever get this chance again.
So let's make sure we have fun with it.
Promise me you won't hold anything back, okay?
No way!
I'm fighting the best, so I'm going to bring my best!
Let's get this party started.
I'm ready whenever you are, Kouzo.
Okay.
(Crowd cheering)
Let's go, guys!
ANNOUNCER: Gentlemen, I'm sure you both remember the rules.
So, without further ado, let's Brawl!
Gate Card, set!
Bakugan Brawl!
Baku-Sky Raider, jump!
Rise, Haos Reptak!
Go, Pyrus Fusion Dragonoid!
Ability, activate!
Dragon Astral!
Let's go!
Ability, activate!
Shining Shield!
REPTAK: I've learned a few tricks since we last fought!
Check it out!
They're both going at it with everything they've got!
Bring it!
Whoa!
(Crowd cheering)
JULIE: Whoa, talk about an exciting battle!
At the halfway point, we've got a tied score
with each opponent sitting at 40% power level.
If you're not already sitting on the edge of your seat,
then you should be!
This battle could go either way, folks!
So how about we get back to intense action, 'kay?
Gate Card, set!
Bakugan Brawl!
BOTH: Baku-Sky Raiders, jump!
Ability, activate!
Mega Harvey Cannon!
Dragon Tornado!
(Roaring)
(Crowd cheering)
This match is so exciting, I can barely stand it!
(Roaring)
Oh, man.
Pure battling is so beautiful.
Way to go, guys!
Time to finish this!
Ability, activate!
Thunder Valley!
Let's go, Reptak!
Good call, Gunz!
Your skills have definitely improved, Reptak.
Dan!
Don't worry! I'm here, pal!
Gate Card, open!
Pyrus Enforcement!
Wow, Jaakor, it sure is strange to watch a battle
where the fate of universe isn't at stake.
It's definitely a refreshing change.
BOTH: Ability, activate!
GUNZ: Grapple Buster!
DAN: Dragon Blade!
Who won that attack?
(Moaning)
Yeah!
Did we do it? Did we win?
Whoa. Head rush.
(Crashing)
(Grunting)
ANNOUNCER: And with that,
Dan and Drago remain the Battle Brawler champs!
(Crowd cheering)
Awesome!
I guess you're still the best.
We got lucky.
That was a well fought match, Gunz.
You should be proud. You put us through our paces.
Thanks for the kind words, Drago.
It was an honour to battle you guys.
We'll beat ya next time, pal!
Yeah, maybe you will.
(Crowd cheering)
CROWD: Dan! Huh?
CROWD: Dan, Dan, Dan, Dan, Dan, Dan,
Dan, Dan, Dan, Dan, Dan, Dan!
DAN: Remember this moment, Drago.
I can't believe they're late!
Where the heck could Dan and Drago be, huh, Mira?
How rude to be late to your own party.
I'm sure it's nothing serious.
Yeah, they probably just got held up signing autographs.
(Laughing)
REPTAK: Maybe we should give them a few more minutes!
I say we just get things started without those two slowpokes.
I'm so hungry I could eat my own hair.
Yeah, I really don't want to see that, so I say let's start!
JULIE: Me too! Let's do it!
MARUCHO: Okay, but just the snacks
'cause we should save the cake until they get here!
Hmm?
Hey, thanks a lot for letting us borrow your sailboat, Kato.
Oh, it's my pleasure, Master Dan!
But are you sure leaving now is for the best?
Yup.
After all we've been through, it's time to unwind.
Make a clean break from everything, you know?
As battlers, we have nothing left to prove.
So it's time we step aside and let others have a chance
to reach the heights we've already attained.
We need to focus our energies elsewhere, right, Dan?
It's time for another evolution.
Hey, listen, buddy,
I'd just be really happy to be able to sleep in
for a couple of days.
DRAGO: You know what I mean.
Have a safe trip.
And make sure you take care of one another, okay, boys?
Sure thing. You bet, Kato.
Take care and tell the others we'll be back in no time, okay?
I promise!
I will, indeed.
Dan, where exactly are we going?
Wherever the wind takes us.
Because, wherever that is,
I'm sure adventure will be waiting for us.
Agreed.
\u266a